Hi! My name is <b>Arunabh Roy</b>, and this summer I got the opportunity to work as a <b>Software Engineering Intern</b> at <b>Graviton Research Capital (<i>Gurgaon office</i>)</b>. Note that I said Gurgaon office because starting this year, Graviton also started hosting International Interns in Singapore, and the count of International Interns may well increase in the coming years.

In the interview process, I had <b>3 rounds</b> as well as an <b>HR round</b>. In the first round, I was asked some <b>basic questions about programming</b>. This was followed by some questions related to <b>testcase generation</b> (my summer research intern had been about a related topic), those being efficient ways to randomly generate a graph or a tree satisfying certain properties (such as minimum height). I was also asked to give a <b>C++ implementation</b> (and answer some <b>basic C++ OOPS questions</b>) of the shared pointer functionality of C++, such as <b>design decisions</b> and things I would need to track as well as what to do with them. In my second round I was asked a lot more about <b>hardware and related concepts</b> like caches, paging and an in-depth discussion of CPU pipelining (specifically RISC based) and pipeline stalls. Finally, in my third round I was asked to solve a few questions involving <b>branch prediction in CPUs</b> (branch miss %, what kinds of branch prediction strategies are used, performance of branch predictors for certain programs) and <b>writing a binary search implementation</b> that did not use branch instructions when compiled. Finally, there was an <b>HR round</b> in which the HR asked me about some of my projects, mentioned some details about the work I would do and answered any questions I had about the role.

For preparation, I followed <b>ANCC's part of the Intern Prep series</b> that they had posted throughout the summer and <b>revised questions and concepts from our offering of COL106</b> (majorly <b>DP and graph algorithms</b>, I cannot overstate the importance of these two topics), doing <b>Leetcode and questions from CSES</b>. Other than that I also <b>revised concepts from COL215 and COL216</b> which actually constituted a fair bit of my interview process and were involved in the shortlist test as well.